README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
👋 Hi, I'm Divyansh! Aspiring Software Engineer | <br>Passionate about AI/ML, Automation, and Clean Code 🎓<br> Currently studying Software Engineering


## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/https://www.instagram.com/idivyanshyadav/) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/divyansh-yadav-9a1497241/) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:yadavdivyansh445@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)  ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black)  ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Divyanshyadavofficial&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=Divyanshyadavofficial&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Divyanshyadavofficial&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=Divyanshyadavofficial&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Divyanshyadavofficial/Divyanshyadavofficial/output/github-snake-dark.svg" />
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Divyanshyadavofficial/Divyanshyadavofficial/output/github-snake.svg" />
  <img alt="github-snake" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Divyanshyadavofficial/Divyanshyadavofficial/output/github-snake.svg" />
</picture>

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
<!--
**Divyanshyadavofficial/Divyanshyadavofficial** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Revise README.md with current projects and interests
Updated personal information and project details in README.

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
👋 Hi, I'm Divyansh! Aspiring Software Engineer | <br>Passionate about AI/ML, Automation, and Clean Code 🎓<br> Currently studying Software Engineering


## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/https://www.instagram.com/idivyanshyadav/) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/divyansh-yadav-9a1497241/) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:yadavdivyansh445@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)  ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black)  ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Divyanshyadavofficial&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=Divyanshyadavofficial&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Divyanshyadavofficial&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=Divyanshyadavofficial&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Divyanshyadavofficial/Divyanshyadavofficial/output/github-snake-dark.svg" />
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Divyanshyadavofficial/Divyanshyadavofficial/output/github-snake.svg" />
  <img alt="github-snake" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Divyanshyadavofficial/Divyanshyadavofficial/output/github-snake.svg" />
</picture>

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
<!--
**Divyanshyadavofficial/Divyanshyadavofficial** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
### Hi there 👋 I'm Divyansh Yadav

- 🔭 I’m currently working on a **Sign Language to English Converter** using CNN and ESN at **Kyushu Institute of Technology, Japan**  
- 🌱 I’m currently learning **LangChain**, **LLM applications**, and **AI-powered automation**  
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on **AI/ML projects**, especially in **computer vision**, **natural language processing**, or **LangChain-based tools**  
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with **research paper writing and optimizing neural network architectures**  
- 💬 Ask me about **machine learning**, **deep learning**, **LangChain**, or **building end-to-end AI projects**  
- 📫 How to reach me: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/divyanshyadavofficial) | [Email](mailto:divyanshyadavofficial@gmail.com)  
- 😄 Pronouns: He/Him  
- ⚡ Fun fact: I love building real-world AI solutions that combine creativity with social impact 🌍
